---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

**WHAT DID YOU DO THIS PAST WEEK?**

This past week, I had two midterms, a few interviews, and a frisbee tournament here in Austin. School is continuing to become more stressful given that recruiting and classwork have to both be kept up with. I'm also in a Malayalam class which makes me have to keep on top of class and what we're learning in class. I also have started making less food at home and depending more on buying food out because of the ease of no dishes and fast, tasty food.

**WHAT'S IN YOUR WAY?**

In my way, is the fact that I don't want to be missing out on college. I feel like I spend every night studying and trying to get an internship, yet just having classes and having fun with my friends would be a great time, I assume. I know it's on me for wanting to do this, but I won't get free time like I do in college again so I don't want to regret it. I think I need to find that balance between both; I just don't know how.

**WHAT WILL YOU DO NEXT WEEK?**

This next week is going to be filled. I have multiple interviews, the exam in SWE, and frisbee practice on top to juggle and keep sane with. The SWE exam is this week, and I have to be careful to look over all of the readings, notes, and project descriptions. I'm basically going to be studying for this exam and interview questions to prepare myself best. It's going to be a late night every night.

**WHAT'S MY EXPERIENCE OF THE CLASS?**

So far, I think it's going okay. I accidentally overslept on Friday and of course, my name got called. On top of that, we have an exam on Thursday which is going to require much review over small things in Python that I could easily forget and could also be easily referenced in the workforce. I think more review over our projects would be beneficial to avoid finishing projects just to get them done and to rather know what's going on.

**TIP OF THE WEEK:**

My tip of the week is to think further about your internship. One of my close friends has been telling me what he thinks about computer science students and their goal to get an internship. It almost feels as though the sole goal of this major is to find an internship/job. No more is it to achieve dreams, but to simply find a job as soon as possible and be content. Why be content? Find something you love to do and that excites you. I'm still struggling with this but my friend has given my valuable advice towards looking at an internship as the goal, but rather a stepping stone to much greater things for yourself. 
