---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

**WHAT DID YOU DO THIS PAST WEEK?**

This past week, I was still focusing on getting settled into my classes. This included buying all the supplies necessary (notebooks), getting my laptop ready for the coding environments, and getting into the school mindset. Outside of class, we had frisbee tryouts for the club team here at UT which brought out a total of 100 participants. I was an active member helping time events and judge those trying out. Regarding this class, I spent much time reading Extreme Programming and reading the Collatz workflow. None of my classes have really ramped up yet but I'm thinking it will be starting this upcoming week.

**WHAT'S IN YOUR WAY?**

This week, I have many responsibilities which means Collatz will need some dedicated time to ensure getting all of the points possible. The career fair is next week, which is very important considering this is the main time finding an internship is. If this goes successfully, that's a huge weight off my head for the upcoming summer. This also includes going through programming questions and sample interviews to ensure I'm fully prepared. I don’t think Collatz will take a terribly long time, but I want to make sure I get full credit for the project so I know it will take a good amount of my time. There are a lot of specifications and requirements to look out for in order to get all points possible, so I will need to be thorough.

**WHAT WILL YOU DO NEXT WEEK?**

This coming week, I'm going to firstly finish off Collatz. I have homework for CS378, CS331, and MAL506 which also needs to be completed. It's not going to be an easy week given that we have many assignments due on career fair day and while internships are of immense importance, my grades still need to be kept up with. I also think my parents will be visiting from Louisiana after Hurricane Harvey to bring all of the rest of my clothes and misc. items for my room. I'm probably going to take them to some tasty restaurants around here.

**WHAT'S MY EXPERIENCE OF THE CLASS?**

So far, I'm thoroughly enjoying the class. I enjoy interactive classes and the discussion-style class has been fun. Starting on Collatz today, I'm feeling as though some of the instructions are vague such as creating the 15 issues but it seems as though that is the point of the class. To take vague information and attack it at the view you seem fit. Even without a formal background in Python, I seem to be understanding the code being written in class which is awesome. It seems as though Python can be learned quickly, which is helpful considering that this entire semester will be in Python.

**TIP OF THE WEEK:**

My tip of the week is to buy a large whiteboard. Hang it up in your room with dry-erase markers nearby. This one purchase has made my life that much more efficient in clearly allowing me to draw my ideas and see what's in schedule for the week. It also helps with homework assignments where you just have a huge space to draw on for the many solutions you're trying to write. For job interviews coming up, many companies use whiteboard interviews so this will help you be better at those while also practice at your own pace. It will be worth it!
