---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

**WHAT DID YOU DO THIS PAST WEEK?**

This past week, we all arranged our tasks for the next SWE project due. I also got rejected from a few companies, which made me pretty sad and reflective on this whole recruiting process. Other than that, I had a frisbee tournament in Missouri, which didn't go amazingly in terms of wins/losses but we grew a lot as a team.

**WHAT'S IN YOUR WAY?**

In my way, is this idea that I don't pay enough attention to school. When I leave my classes, I don't think about homework/projects, I only do when I need to. One of my friends pointed this out to me and I hate to believe that it's true but it is.

**WHAT WILL YOU DO NEXT WEEK?**

This next week consists of Programming for Performance homework, making many database changes for our SWE project, and sleeping. I need to catch up on sleep and hopefull this week will allow for it. I also need to start reaching out to more companies for my pipeline.

**WHAT'S MY EXPERIENCE OF THE CLASS?**

I can definitely say I'm becoming more experienced with back end and how the database is being communicated with. I hope to switch off with my partners to maybe do a bit more front end to learn React but I haven't gotten that opportunity. Using Google Cloud is a bit intricate and not easy for a partner to pick up so simply.

**TIP OF THE WEEK:**

My tip of the week is to approach interview questions as puzzles and more of an interesting experience rather than a burden. My friend and I have started going over these problems with a more fun aspect and they become easier to do. It makes the whole idea of practicing for interviews more enjoyable, yet I don't know if I agree with the whole process. I can definitively say I've gotten better with coding questions after doing more and more yet is that what determines if you're going to excel as a software engineer? I wish we could get guidance on this in class. 
