---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

**WHAT DID YOU DO THIS PAST WEEK?**

This past week, I was very busy with the SWE project due on Thursday. I basically had to learn how to build our SQL database and connect it within our code. I also had to learn how to use Postgres SQL because our data was scraped into a JSON file. I learned a lot but spent so much time on it.

**WHAT'S IN YOUR WAY?**

In my way, is the fear of not having enough fun before I graduate. I'm choosing to graduate a semester early partially because I don't enjoy college, but I'm wondering if I'm going to regret that later in my life. I want to have as much fun as I can while I'm given these experiences in college and not have to worry so much about trying to get a job.

**WHAT WILL YOU DO NEXT WEEK?**

This next week consists of a Malayalam test, catching up in Algorithms, and a frisbee tournament in Missouri this weekend. It's going to be our first real tournament of the year so it's going to be extremely exciting to see how we do. We're trying to win nationals in May so all of this only helps us get better.

**WHAT'S MY EXPERIENCE OF THE CLASS?**

I wish we would learn what we're doing in our projects in class. Dr. Downing gave us an example of using sqllite in a few SQL queries but why not use Google Cloud SQL because that's what we're using? I'm not sure if I enjoy Google Cloud either because it's extremely slow and I'm never sure if it really is going to work.

**TIP OF THE WEEK:**

My tip of the week is to buy these gummy worms: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0062PQ696/ref=s9u_simh_gw_i1?ie=UTF8&fpl=fresh&pd_rd_i=B0062PQ696&pd_rd_r=7fc652df-b7ca-11e7-8dcc-478283c0184f&pd_rd_w=nWC6b&pd_rd_wg=q9E1J&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=&pf_rd_r=AYSND1AXEXKQDV3XNS0M&pf_rd_t=36701&pf_rd_p=1cf9d009-399c-49e1-901a-7b8786e59436&pf_rd_i=desktop . They're the world's best sour gummy worms and they're great for munching on while programming or trying to learn how to use Google Cloud. I've bought them a few times over the past years and I've never regretted it. It's 4.5 pounds and literally everyone that I bring it around loves to eat it. Weird tip, but great gummy worms.
