---
layout: post
title: Virtue Ethics
---

**Virtue Ethics**

Virtue is a system of ethics founded by Aristotle. Virtue differs from consequentialism and duty-based because it focuses on the moral character of the person carrying out an act rather than the act itself. The consequences or intent of an act do not matter to virtue ethics because it depends on the idea of a virtuous person to the person carrying out the act. According to BBC on virtue ethics, "A good person is someone who lives virtuously - who possesses and lives the virtues." These virtues can include honesty, bravery, generosity, etc. There are a few well-known common sets of virtues that virtue theorists believe to be foundational, for example: "Prudence, Justice, Fortitude/Bravery, Temperance" or "Justice, Fidelity, Self-care, Prudence" (BBC). Theoretically, setting a standard of a person with any of these sets of virtues should steer a person from performing any acts not deemed virtuous. Virtue ethics asks a person during their act if a virtuous person would be performing that act in the same circumstances. During a backpacking trip over the winter, my friends and I had brought a large amount of food, almost too much. While at camp one night, we had met some other backpackers who had complained about their leader not preparing enough food for the group before leaving. In this situation, we had the option to provide them with our extra food or eat it ourselves and proceed. What would a virtuous person do? We decided to give them our food and their reaction was "You guys are our saviors".

I tend to believe in people generally being good people. This would entail that living by a virtue system of ethics, most people would understand the actions of a virtuous person. As mentioned before,  common sets of virtues tend to vary based on society, time, surroundings, etc. which poses a problem between people in different areas (BBC). Another argument against virtue ethics is that it tends to be self-centered, only having an agent focus on their own character (Athanassoulis). Doing virtuous actions merely to make oneself happier or feel as though they're a better person doesn't foster strong individuals. The biggest issue, in my opinion, relies on different virtues between different people. These could be based on how someone has grown up, their society, etc. but there is no way to standardize virtues for everyone. What I see as a semi-okay action could be a great action to someone else and are they to blame? This is labeled as "Moral Luck" according to Athanassoulis. I believe a virtue system of ethics works in areas where people can look up to a common set of virtues. This is easy to ask for, yet hard to find. Believing that people are generally good people gives me hope for most people knowing what a virtuous person would do in situations.

Athanassoulis, Nafsika. “Virtue Ethics.” Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy, Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy, www.iep.utm.edu/virtue/
“Ethics - Introduction to Ethics: Virtue Ethics.” BBC, BBC, www.bbc.co.uk/ethics/introduction/virtue.shtml
“Virtue Ethics.” Ethics Unwrapped, ethicsunwrapped.utexas.edu/glossary/virtue-ethics
