---
layout: post
title: How Much Land Does a Man Need?
---

Lev Tolstoy in How Much Land Does a Man Need aims to convey the ethical dilemma of humans always wanting more and allowing greed to control one's actions. Tolstoy chooses to communicate this dilemma through a peasant named Pahom who initially owns a small space of land. Pahom begins the story by exclaiming "Our only trouble is that we haven't land enough. If I had plenty of land, I shouldn't fear the Devil himself!" The Devil sees this as a challenge. Pahom begins hearing about more and more opportunities of more land and comfort, starting a trend of Pahom constantly seeking more and doing better and better. Eventually, Pahom comes in contact with the Bashkirs, who supposedly have plenty land and are providing better prices. The Bashkirs play a small game with Pahom, letting him walk as far as he can between sunrise and sunset and gaining that much land. Pahom sees opportunities to walk further and further, causing a longer walk back, eventually reaching but dying.

In a historical context, greed has been "around as long as there have been people, and stuff to lust after" (Stern). This story serves as a symbol of humans always lusting for more, having been for power or wealth, in scenarios of Wall Streeters or farmers or politicians. Greed is not just wanting wealth; greed is wanting wealth by "[putting] his own desire for stuff above the needs and legitimate concerns of those around him" (Stern). For example, Bill Gates being one of the wealthiest people in the world yet his path to power was never extremely bumpy and also contributed heavily to charities. It seems as though this insatiable thirst for money takes over many people's lives, to the extent of even taking away a life in this case.

Tolstoy was a Russian writer born in 1828 and writing How Much Land Does a Man Need in 1886 (Morson). Tolstoy was most famous for his two works War and Peace and Anna Karenina, and famous in his writing for having the ability to observe the smallest changes of consciousness and recording the slightest movements of the body (Morson). In his writing in this story, Tolstoy takes the reader through a series of events, each one connected to the overlying theme. Pahom is taken into a different stage of life at each separate chapter, allowing the reader to separate the last stage from the current. I appreciate Tolstoy's writing style here in showing the transitions from each lust to the next only after usually a few years at each stage. My counterargument to Tolstoy's writing consists of whether Pahom was actually acting in greed. He always saw opportunities to farm more effectively, either with more or better land, or more indendependence from other farmers. His actions were never with any malicious tendencies towards others, only to better his own business. Rather in this story, I think Tolstoy chooses to shine light on being content with what one has. Sometimes there is much to give away to gain efficiency and more power and the question for humans is if it's worth it.

Morson, Gary Saul. “Leo Tolstoy.” Encyclopædia Britannica, Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., 16 Nov. 2018, www.britannica.com/biography/Leo-Tolstoy.

Stern, Linda. “Economy: The Human History of Greed.” Newsweek, 13 Nov. 2017, www.newsweek.com/economy-human-history-greed-76435.
